Minor edits to docs (#17)
spacetelescope/wfirst-tools: README.md

## Install the simulation tools locally

> STIPS, the Space Telescope Image Product Simulator, is available at https://github.com/spacetelescope/STScI-STIPS.

Reviewer: I actually meant to move the new STIPS sentence to the end of the very first paragraph in the README- which would become (with quite a few modifications I'm making here, while we are at it):

The WFIRST team at STScI has developed an exposure time calculator, a PSF model, and an image simulator for the science community to plan how they will use WFIRST. These tools are available separately as the Pandeia exposure time calculator engine, the WebbPSF point spread function modeling package, and the Space Telescope Image Product Simulator (STIPS).   Comprehensive setup documentation for local installation as well as tutorials for Pandeia and WebbPSF are provided here.  STIPS is available at https://github.com/spacetelescope/STScI-STIPS.  High level overviews of the functionality of the tools are available on [STScI's WFIRST website](http://www.stsci.edu/scientific-community/wide-field-infrared-survey-telescope/science-planning-toolbox).

> The STScI helpdesk at help@stsci.edu is available for members of the WFIRST scientific community. For issues with WebbPSF, we prefer that you report your issues in the GitHub issue tracker for the speediest response: https://github.com/spacetelescope/webbpsf/issues (choose the green "New Issue" button after logging in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users are encouraged to address questions, suggestions, and bug reports to help@stsci.edu with "Pandeia-WFIRST question" in the subject line. The message will be directed to the appropriate members of the Pandeia-WFIRST team at STScI.  For issues with WebbPSF, we prefer that you report your issues in the GitHub issue tracker for the speediest response: https://github.com/spacetelescope/webbpsf/issues (choose the green "New Issue" button after logging in).
```

> Users are encouraged to address questions, suggestions, and bug reports to help@stsci.edu with "Pandeia-WFIRST question" in the subject line. The message will be directed to the appropriate members of the Pandeia-WFIRST team at STScI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
